README.md, before:

# Coding_Interview_Practice_Assessment

## Description

It’s likely that you’ll be asked to complete a coding assessment, perhaps as part of an interview process. This is a simulation of a typical coding assessment. This assessment is a combination of multiple-choice questions and interactive coding challenges. As A coding boot camp student
I wanted to take a timed quiz on JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap fundamentals that stores high scores so that I may gauge my progress compared to my peers. This exercise has taught me how to apply my Jasvascript abilities to deal with events, manipulate and traverse the DOM, handle user input, and give feedback to the user.

### How the quiz works

1. When a user clicks the start button, a timer starts and the user is presented with a question.
2. Once the question is answered, then the user is presented with another question.
3. When the user answers a question incorrectly, 10 seconds is subtracted from the clock located on the upper right of the webpage.
4. When all 10 questions are answered or the timer reaches 0, the quiz is over
5. When the quiz is over, the user can save their name and score.

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:
![Quiz Demonstration](./assets/images/DemoOfCodeQuiz.gif)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To install this project locally clone this [**project repository**](https://github.com/kaylamuraoka/Coding_Interview_Practice_Assessment) to your desktop and modify the code to your liking.

## Usage

The strong password generator application can be viewed at: https://kaylamuraoka.github.io/Coding_Interview_Practice_Assessment/.

## Credits

This website was created as part of the UC Berkeley Coding Bootcamp curriculum.

## License

This project is licensed under [**GNU GPL v3**](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/).

Commit message:

updated README.md with leaderboard_screenshot.png

README.md, after:

# Coding_Interview_Practice_Assessment

## Description

It’s likely that you’ll be asked to complete a coding assessment, perhaps as part of an interview process. This is a simulation of a typical coding assessment. This assessment is a combination of multiple-choice questions and interactive coding challenges. As A coding boot camp student
I wanted to take a timed quiz on JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap fundamentals that stores high scores so that I may gauge my progress compared to my peers. This exercise has taught me how to apply my Jasvascript abilities to deal with events, manipulate and traverse the DOM, handle user input, and give feedback to the user.

### How the quiz works

1. When a user clicks the start button, a timer starts and the user is presented with a question.
2. Once the question is answered, then the user is presented with another question.
3. When the user answers a question incorrectly, 10 seconds is subtracted from the clock located on the upper right of the webpage.
4. When all 10 questions are answered or the timer reaches 0, the quiz is over
5. When the quiz is over, the user can save their name and score.

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:
![Quiz Demonstration](./assets/images/DemoOfCodeQuiz.gif)

This screenshot shows the leaderboard that displays the user's name and past scores stored in local storage:
![Screenshot of leaderboard](./assets/images/leaderboad_screenshot.png)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To install this project locally clone this [**project repository**](https://github.com/kaylamuraoka/Coding_Interview_Practice_Assessment) to your desktop and modify the code to your liking.

## Usage

The strong password generator application can be viewed at: https://kaylamuraoka.github.io/Coding_Interview_Practice_Assessment/.

## Credits

This website was created as part of the UC Berkeley Coding Bootcamp curriculum.

## License

This project is licensed under [**GNU GPL v3**](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/).
